*I didn't add collapsible galleries in for a reason. These sections aren't long like the [[Club Penguin Times]] sections, so they don't need collapsible galleries. I mean collabsible galleries might look neater to a point, but we don't ''want'' to collapse all of our "main" (articles with a lot of pages) pages into collapsible galleries :S <big><font face="comic sans ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue;background:black">'' Cp kid ''</span>]]</font>[[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:lime;background:blue">'' Let's talk! ''</span>]] </big> 03:24, 11 September 2013 (UTC)

But it makes it easier to navigate. [[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 10:54, 11 September 2013 (UTC)

:When the pages aren't that large (like this) then it's not really hard to navigate anyways. <big><font face="comic sans ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue;background:black">'' Cp kid ''</span>]]</font>[[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:lime;background:blue">'' Let's talk! ''</span>]] </big> 17:16, 11 September 2013 (UTC)

::I removed "See Also" and Coins For Change since Coins For Change is more of a construction time/apart of the party itself and I don't think wee need See Also. [[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 21:15, 11 September 2013 (UTC)

::Well, see also is good because it gives viewers easy access to similar content. Also, CfC is kind of a separate event. :S <big><font face="comic sans ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue;background:black">'' Cp kid ''</span>]]</font>[[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:lime;background:blue">'' Let's talk! ''</span>]] </big> 03:07, 12 September 2013 (UTC)
