
I apologize, but the time for the inevitable has come. I'm resigning from my administrator and bureaucrat positions on Archives as of today, April 14th, 2014. 

I've been an admin for quite some time, and it's been a privilege. I think I did an ok job in the beginning, but I've barely edited since the beginning of this year. To be honest, I think that's because I didn't want to work anymore. Archives needs so much work, and unfortunately I'm not the right person to see all of that through. I apologize for my inactivity and my lack of faith, as well as letting everyone down. 

I believe that Archives' future is still looking bright. All it needs is better leadership, and a bit larger community. I hope that the CPW administration will "take over" archives, per say, and start leading it to new heights, considering we're basically a large sub-wiki. 

As for new users, all I think we need to do is put the word out more. We're no doubt one of the largest CP SWF sites out there, so all we need to do is clean up the database a bit, and put out the word that we're here! 

Although I am resigning, I will continue to edit here where I can, when I feel like I can help out. However, right now i'm just too busy with Shops, life, and other things to keep holding this responsibility as well. 
<br>
''Thanks to everyone for letting me take the helm in the past, and following me as I tried to bring Archives to a new level of greatness. Sincerly, ''<big><font face="trebuchet ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:red">C</span>]][[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue">K</span>]]</font></big>'' 23:28, 14 April 2014 (UTC)''
