==Hi!==
Hi there,<br />
First of all, thanks for expanding the article Aqua Grabber :)<br />
Here are the files for the [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level1/misc/clam_small_1.swf small clam] and for the [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level1/misc/clam_big_1.swf big clam].<br />
I'll see if i can find more files of the game. In case you'd like to upload SWF files for archive them (so if a file is updated by Club Penguin, we still have the older versions), you are welcome to create an account and request [[Club Penguin Archives:Request permissions|permission to upload SWF files]].<br />
Have a nice day!<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 19:56, 24 July 2013 (UTC)

==RE:What is the swf for the pufferfish from Aqua Grabber==
Hi,<br />
I don't know the puffer fish file, but in case you are a member, here's a greaet way to find it:
#Start playing Soda Seas in Aqua Grabber.
#Open a new tab, and in the URL tab, type:
<pre>about:cache</pre>
This should list the most recent files that Club Penguin has loaded in your computer. Just look for something that starts with:
<pre>http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/</pre>
And contains the word "puffer" or something. This should work for you.<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 20:01, 24 July 2013 (UTC)


==More files==
Hi again,<br />
First of all, here are some extra files:
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/treasure_pile_1.swf Treasure pile] (soda seas)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/puffy_1.swf Puffer fish] (soda seas)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/grandpuffy_1.swf Giant puffer fish] (soda seas)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/crabby_1.swf Crab] (soda seas)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/bait_1.swf Crystal] (soda seas)
I got the URLs from the scripts in [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/subgame.swf this aqua grabber files]. You can basically do the '''about:cache''' thing with all CP files (to save you some time, here is a list of the [http://clubpenguin.wikia.com/wiki/Ice_Fishing#SWF Ice Fishing swf files]).<br />
About your question, i don't know what JustDoodle's Swf Database is so i am not able to respond it, but if you need some more help with SWF files, feel free to ask.<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 20:18, 24 July 2013 (UTC)

==More Aqua Grabber==
Hi again,<br />
I couldn't find the barrel file, but here's the pearl and some other files:
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level1/misc/shippartL1_1.swf Pearls] (this is both the stone and the pearl on the same file)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level1/misc/crater_1.swf Crater] (1)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/crater2b_1.swf Crater] (2)
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/foilage_1.swf interactive plants]
If i find the barrel, i'll let you know.<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 20:49, 24 July 2013 (UTC)

==Files==
Hi,<br />
First of all, sorry for saying the bait file is the amethyst, my wrong.<br />
Also the aqua grabber's penguin, bubbles, pink puffle and the grabber machine are part of [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/subgame.swf this file]. You can open it with [http://www.flash-decompiler.com/ this program].<br />
Also, i found the [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/level2/misc/shippartL2_1.swf Barrel + Amethyst] files (they are part of the same swf file).<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 11:00, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

== Pink Puffles ==

I'm sorry but I couldn't find the pink puffle swf you wanted. 

It may be in

<pre>
http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/subgame.swf
http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/sub/bootstrap.swf
</pre> however I couldn't decompile it.

I hope this helped!

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 19:42, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

Sorry but that file is impossible for me to decompile. If I attempt to do so my decompiler would crash.

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 22:56, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

I don't see what you want me to do. I can't get you that pink puffle. Its in one file. Also Penguin Pal lives in a different timezone than I do (I'm sure). He's probably sleeping at this moment anyway. 

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 23:05, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

If I wanted to I could have found those too... I'm starting to lose your point. Are you trying to show off, just trying to ask me to contact Penguin Pal, or find a pink puffle?

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 23:20, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

Rollarscape's music is apart of one big swf file. Its already uploaded to the wiki. If you want to upload files yourself instead of posting links feel free to join Archives! We could always use another member.
[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 23:25, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

I'm usually always active here on Archives. I'm not too sure what's Penguin Pal's timezone to be honest. I was just assuming.

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 23:53, 25 July 2013 (UTC)

:I know, it will be a long process for all I know. [[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 00:04, 26 July 2013 (UTC)

== A polite reminder ==

I would encourage you to create an account so you can upload files, You can still talk to other users, though. ;) --[[User:Tux|Tux]] <small>([[User talk:Tux|*** SERVICE NOTIFICATION *** clubpenguinwiki.info IS UP]])</small> 00:26, 26 July 2013 (UTC)

Hey I see you want to help but, we don't need music selections in party articles anymore. Also please note that "Music460" is nonexistent at this time. --[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 00:31, 26 July 2013 (UTC)

Yep [[User:98.177.220.111]]

==RE:I'm back==
Hi there,<br />
First of all, i apologize for the delay in the reply. Here are the files that you've asked about:
*[[Pink Puffle]]- see the article for a list of files.
*Ice Fishing Mullet catch- it's part of [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/fish/IceFishing.swf this file] (this file also includes Mullet's and the shark's files).
*Aqua Grabber- is there a particular file that is missing from [[Aqua Grabber|the article]] that you're looking for?
*[http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/content/global/penguin/penguin.swf Penguin (in-game)]. For the player card look go for the [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/client/interface.swf interface file].
*Bubble- what sort of bubble?
*Jet Pack Adventure falling scene- [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/jetpack/JetpackAdventures.swf this file].
*Cart Surfer penguin- [http://media1.clubpenguin.com/play/v2/games/mine/CartSurfer.swf this file].
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 19:14, 8 September 2013 (UTC)
