If you have a question, a comment, or a complaint, please post it here.

[[User:Jon002|Answer the Call. Save Imagination.]] ([[User talk:Jon002|talk]])

== Welcome! ==

Hi Jon, welcome to Club Penguin Archives! I'm Cp kid, but you can call me CK, Penquino, or SupahFly :P If you need any help, feel free to ask an [[Project:Administrators|administrator]]. Also, If you'd like to help us by uploading CP SWFs, just say so [[Project:Request permissions|here]]! I hope you enjoy it here :)

P.S.- Did you know that Archives is part of the CPWN (Club Penguin Wiki Network). Other wikis in the network include the [http://www.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/Club_Penguin_Wiki Club Penguin Wiki] (factual CP database), [http://shops.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/Club_Penguin_Shops_Wiki Club Penguin Shops] (Imaginative place where you can create malls, restaurants, etc.), and the [http://fanon.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/Club_Penguin_Fanon_Wiki Club Penguin Fanon Wiki] (I don't know to much about that, sorry). <big><font face="comic sans ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue;background:black">'' Cp kid ''</span>]]</font>[[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:lime;background:blue">'' Let's talk! ''</span>]] </big> 23:34, 18 December 2012 (UTC)

== Hey! ==

Hey there! I see [[User:Cp kid|Cp kid]] has already welcomed you, but I'd like to welcome you too. I went ahead and gave you ''uploading rights'' because I'm interested to see what you can contribute. My name is Sharkbate, and I am a staffer on the Club Penguin Wiki Network. If you have any questions, I'm open, or you can ask Cp kid or any of the other administrators on this wiki.

In case you didn't know, we have a couple other wikis on the network! You can visit our <span class="plainlinks">[http://clubpenguinwiki.info/ Club Penguin Wiki]</span> which is filled with information on Club Penguin itself, our <span class="plainlinks">[http://shops.clubpenguinwiki.info/ Club Penguin Shops Wiki]</span> where you can create a virtual mall or shop and sell virtual items, our <span class="plainlinks">[http://fanon.clubpenguinwiki.info/ Club Penguin Fanon Wiki]</span> where you can write fan fiction about Club Penguin, and finally, our <span class="plainlinks">[http://pt.clubpenguinwiki.info/ Portuguese Club Penguin Wiki]</span>. Feel free to join any of them and contribute.

Again, welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay!!

Best regards,

[[User:Sharkbate|<span style="color:aqua;background:black">'''$'''harkbate</span>]] <sup>[[User talk:Sharkbate|<span style="color:black">Talk Page</span>]]</sup> 06:53, 23 December 2012 (UTC)

== RE: ==

At this time, you are unable to do so.

--[[User:Sharkbate|<span style="color:aqua;background:black">'''$'''harkbate</span>]] <sup>[[User talk:Sharkbate|<span style="color:black">Talk Page</span>]]</sup> 16:54, 23 March 2013 (UTC)
