i was doing debugging, and forgot to shut the logging off. sorry --'''[[User:Refractor|<span style="color:#263852;padding:1px">refractor</span>]]''' 17:08, 3 June 2014 (UTC)
looks like I need to do some logging and testing of my own. grumble, grumble. --'''[[User:Refractor|<span style="color:#263852;padding:1px">refractor</span>]]''' 10:24, 4 June 2014 (UTC)

==RE:Upload from current Club Penguin Times issue==
Hi Juca,<br />
Thank you for the message. It seems like the server no longer responds to the script, so i'll update the code today.<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 13:10, 30 November 2014 (UTC)

==Hi again==
Hi Juca,<br />
I apologize for the delay again. Thanks again for updating me about the template. Try these 2 changes- i believe it should work well afterwards:
<ol>
<li>Replace the current function <code>$news.fn.create</code> with the function that appears [http://pastebin.com/gavexG8c here].</li>
<li>Where it says:
<syntaxhighlight lang="javascript">
console.info(obj.props, Object.keys(obj.props).length, obj.filesArr.length);
</syntaxhighlight>
Add a new line after that peice of code, and paste in it:
<syntaxhighlight lang="javascript">
$("#newsupload-progress").val(String(String(obj.filesArr.length) - Object.keys(obj.props).length) + " / " + String(obj.filesArr.length)).css("background", "linear-gradient(to right, #dfd " + String((1 - Object.keys(obj.props).length / obj.filesArr.length) * 100) + "%, #ddd " + String((1 - Object.keys(obj.props).length / obj.filesArr.length) * 100) + "%)");
</syntaxhighlight>
</li>
</ol>
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 16:23, 26 December 2014 (UTC)

==That thingy==
Hi Juca,<br />
Sorry for my awayness, i got some extra time to focus on other stuff now. Are there still some errors while attempting to upload newspaper swf files using that script?<br />
[[user:Penguin-Pal|<font color="0e92cf">Penguin-Pal</font>]] [[user talk:Penguin-Pal|<font color="2e47aa">(talk)</font>]] 20:48, 10 January 2015 (UTC)

== RE: Removal of uploaders + theme customization ==

I've been good but not very active on archives lately because of school and other stuff. I'll hopefully gain activity as the summer closes in. As for the demoted uploaders, if the user does return and wishes to have his or her uploader rights back, then we can just give it back to them. It doesn't take too much effort to promote or demote anyone from these rights. Also nice work on the sidebar. It looks pretty good but kind of stands out compared to everything else on the vector skin. The sitenotice along with most of the vector skin is a blue-ish color and the sidebar is red and it just seems to pop out because of that if you get what I'm sayin'. Until then keep up the good work!

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 04:07, 23 February 2015 (UTC)

Yeah, that looks pretty good. [[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 17:04, 1 March 2015 (UTC)

== File Display Glitch ==

Hey, Juca.

There seems to be a problem with [[:File:PuffleParty2015PreVillage.swf|this file]], where it's still displaying the incorrect SWF after I uploaded the correct version. [http://prntscr.com/6k6o5p Here's] a screenshot. As you can see, it's displaying the version of the Ski Village before the Ski Lodge was renovated. The same thing also happened with [[:File:ENNews431AskAuntArctic.swf|this file]], where it was displaying a previous version of the file. I've completely cleared my cache and even tried a different browser, so that leads me to believe that it's a problem with the wiki. Have you had this problem before?

Please let me know,

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 02:03, 23 March 2015 (UTC)

Oh, I see. Thanks for letting me know about that (and also for the tip).

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 23:13, 23 March 2015 (UTC)

== RE:Moving Files ==

Sorry, I don't believe there is a way to move without breaking file links. Unless some kind of interwiki Media file link exists, I don't think you can. [[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 02:41, 15 April 2015 (UTC)

== CP Times upload bot ==

Hey there, a quick heads up: [[User:TuxBot|TuxBot]] should begin to upload Club Penguin Times issues as soon as possible after release. If it doesn't work, give me a ping on my talk page. I do expect issues. --[[User:Tux|Tux]] <small>([[User talk:Tux|*** SERVICE NOTIFICATION *** clubpenguinwiki.info IS UP]])</small> 13:25, 16 June 2015 (UTC)
 Pertaining to this: When should I use {{tl|Newspaper}} or {{tl|Newspaper2}}? --[[User:Tux|Tux]] <small>([[User talk:Tux|*** SERVICE NOTIFICATION *** clubpenguinwiki.info IS UP]])</small> 00:21, 18 June 2015 (UTC)
: Thanks, I made that change to the bot. --[[User:Tux|Tux]] <small>([[User talk:Tux|*** SERVICE NOTIFICATION *** clubpenguinwiki.info IS UP]])</small> 10:38, 19 June 2015 (UTC)

== Important vote ==

In case you missed it, there is [[clubpenguinwiki:Club_Penguin_Wiki:Council#Archives_redo|an important taking place]] on the future of the current wiki system. --[[User:Tux|Tux]] <small>([[User talk:Tux|*** SERVICE NOTIFICATION *** clubpenguinwiki.info IS UP]])</small> 22:09, 17 June 2015 (UTC)
