==Alternate Catalog==
Hi, Lisured.

Thank you for uploading the [[:File:ENApr2015Furniture2.swf|alternate version]] of the April 2015 [[Furniture & Igloo Catalog]]. I searched for an SWF of the version with the furniture names fixed, but I didn't manage to find it. I'm glad you uploaded it.

Have a good day,

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 05:04, 2 June 2015 (UTC)

==June 2016 Catalogs==
Hey, Lisured.

Did you happen to archive the JSON files for the Penguin Style and Furniture & Igloo Catalog from June 2016? If not, it's fine, but it would be useful for generating the <span class="plainlinks">[http://www.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/June_2016_Penguin_Style catalog] [http://www.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/June_2016_Furniture_%26_Igloo_Catalog pages]</span> in the future.

Happy holidays,

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 05:40, 21 December 2016 (UTC)

==Game Closing==
Hello,

Please read this important announcement if you haven't yet:

http://www.clubpenguin.com/whats-new/important-announcement-regarding-club-penguin-desktop-and-mobile-devices

Club Penguin will unfortunately be discontinued on '''March 29, 2017''', which means that we have until then to archive everything possible. While I don't know the circumstances of your hiatus, it would be a great help if you could spare some time and use [[Special:Contributions/LisuredBot|your bot]] to archive files before the game closes.

Thank you.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 06:29, 4 February 2017 (UTC)

== Hey Lisured! ==

Hey Lisured, long time no see, I hope you're doing well! I wanted to invite you to a Discord server I made for former CPWN users. Feel free to contact me at Duke#6214 if you're interested. ''<big><font face="trebuchet ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:red">C</span>]][[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue">K</span>]]</font></big>'' 15:04, 26 May 2021 (UTC)
