So how are those halloween party 2006 swfs and beta party swfs fake?
SWFs can be deceiving sometimes. People sometimes recreate SWFs of old Club Penguin parties for a private server or simply to have an idea of what the original room looked like. Typically it can be hard to distinguish, although if one were to decompile (break up into smaller parts) the SWFs, it would become obvious that these were edited files made to look like the original files used by Club Penguin. Please don't take this the wrong way, I appreciate you taking time to contribute to Club Penguin Archives, however sometimes we need to be careful while uploading older SWFs from the late 2000's! For now however, if you want to be on the safe side of things, I recommend importing files from https://icer.ink/ which is a mirror of the Club Penguin database before it was taken down. And again, thanks for helping out! [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 04:15, 3 May 2017 (UTC)
So how did you know they were fake?
Sometimes its pretty hard to tell by just looking at it, although if you were to break up the SWF and look deeper into it, it will become obvious that it is a recreational SWF. Also for the fact that almost every old file from 2006 will still have the black boundaries and green buttons visible on the SWF. [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 21:03, 4 May 2017 (UTC)
Makes sense. It would be good if there was a recreated club penguin parties swf section to this site or something. Like we could make a section that has the fake halloween party 2006 swfs so then when the real ones are found we can compare them to the fake ones to see if the ones that are found are real or not. If they are real then we can delete the fake ones after.
Another thing we can do is get in contact with rsnail and see if he can give us all the club penguin swfs like the party swfs. You could ask him on twitter.
There wouldn't be much use in keeping the recreated files since anyone with the right skills can just make another. One of our members has contacted rsnail in the past to ask for old files, however, if I remember correctly, he isn't allowed to distribute Club Penguin files due to legal purposes. [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 04:45, 5 May 2017 (UTC)
I found this site: http://archiv.fan-club-penguin.cz/rooms
They don't seem to have anything we don't. Pretty much everything after 2009 is secured on this site. Nice find though. [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 19:39, 5 May 2017 (UTC)
It would be nice if instead of using IRC Chat we use discord instead.

Discord is bad, please don't talk about it. --<small>—Preceding unsigned comment added by [[User:Quackerpingu|Quackerpingu]] ([[User talk:Quackerpingu|talk]] • [[Special:Contributions/Quackerpingu|contribs]]) </small> 14:13, 6 May 2017 (UTC)
How is it bad? I don't see anything bad about it.
You may like it, but it IS bad. Also, the Club Penguin Wiki Network only uses IRC. --<small>—Preceding unsigned comment added by [[User:Quackerpingu|Quackerpingu]] ([[User talk:Quackerpingu|talk]] • [[Special:Contributions/Quackerpingu|contribs]]) </small> 17:19, 10 May 2017 (UTC)
Well I will not talk about it anymore then.

You like my progress on the party rooms page?
== Differences between Real SWFs and Fake SWFs ==

You can tell if a party swf is fake if certain elements of it don't move or don't animate like they are suppose to. It is very confusing. Real Party SWFs have the animations that are seen normally in parties. If you find any swfs for a party from 2005 or 2006 please make sure the swfs are original and not fan made for a private server. 
-Master Loopy

== Club Penguin NewsPapers and Cattlelogs from 2005 to 2008 found! ==

http://clubpenguinspace.x10host.com/ Can we add everything from this site to the archive?
It's already in the works [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 01:20, 8 May 2017 (UTC)
Oh ok good. You could ask them if they have any party swfs from past parties of club penguin.

== What just came to me ==

It just came to me that if someone does ask rocketsnail for the swfs of club penguin then he would possibly be able to give them out. If he gives them out he will not get in trouble for it because the club penguin media database was shutdown so the files are no longer in use. If anyone on here has contact with him then please ask him for the files.
As far as I know, they're all still owned by Disney and rsnail just isn't allowed to distribute them. [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 04:25, 9 May 2017 (UTC)

== Importing files from CPcheats mirror. ==

I will be importing the party files from the cpcheats mirror if that is ok.

== 500 Error ==

This needs to be looked into.

== Party Room articles ==

Hi! I appreciate the work you've done recently to make articles for party rooms... but small articles like that aren't really needed. There's a page called [[Party Rooms]] that is supposed to be a large, easy way for people to find SWFs for any party rooms, so maybe expanding that page would be better than making small pages for rooms that only had a few uses. ''<big><font face="trebuchet ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:red">C</span>]][[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue">K</span>]]</font></big>'' 04:27, 14 May 2017 (UTC)
 We could combine the ye nights quest party room pages into one and other things similar to that and I agree.

== We need to get in contact of v0rtex! ==

He has swfs of the water party 2007, 1st anniversary party, and probably much more stuff we need! https://twitter.com/Ripv0r/with_replies

If someone with a Twitter account could ask him for the [https://twitter.com/Ripv0r/status/832808613173424128 Water Party 2007] and [https://twitter.com/Ripv0r/status/830973885369679874 1st Anniversary Party] ones, that would be awesome. Not sure why he teased them but didn't release them.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 20:35, 15 May 2017 (UTC)

He is busy with a project I think. I asked him if he could do a website that has all swfs he collected.

I saw [https://twitter.com/Ripv0r/status/866324008945557504 his reply] to you. Thanks for asking him. Hopefully he will release all the unarchived SWFs he has soon.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 05:09, 26 May 2017 (UTC)

He said he isn't going to do a website for his swfs. I asked him if he could upload his remaining swfs to the club penguin archive.

I wouldn't pester him too much. I imagine he'll release them when he gets the time to do so. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 19:29, 31 May 2017 (UTC)

== Anyone notice this about the 2006 coffee shop swf? ==

If you right click and click forward the table changes to the st patricks day 2006 table. http://archives.clubpenguinwiki.info/static/images/archives/1/1c/ArtworkRoomsCoffee6.swf

This is actually entirely new to me. Nice find! [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 22:37, 16 May 2017 (UTC)

I found this directory: http://clubpenguin.sbi-fox.fr/play/

== Wanted Files List ==

I made a wanted swf files list to make things easier for us since we have a lot of swfs we need and it will give V0rtex a idea of what we want on here. http://archives.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/Club_Penguin_Archives:Wanted_Files_List

Good idea. I've moved the page to the project namespace and added some formatting. [https://twitter.com/Jeserator/status/848332454091829249 This tweet] also shows more of them that are missing.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 19:44, 17 May 2017 (UTC)

I also suspect that this website has the swfs we need: http://intelligence.adrelevance.com/images/
They collect lots of rich media and I could find the folder that starts on the day club penguin began. The files that download automatically within the folders and tar.gz files are swfs.

This appears to be a site that collects and stores advertising data, so you likely wouldn't find any Club Penguin SWFs on it.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 04:22, 18 May 2017 (UTC)

Well it might have club penguin banner ads at least.

https://ia600705.us.archive.org/27/items/BetaTown2005/town.swf I wonder if this one is real.

It's not, unfortunately. That fan-edited SWF has been floating around for years. It was uploaded [http://web.archive.org/web/20120421110526/http://swf-cpcheatsbypgees.site90.com/Swfs/Parties/2005/Beta%20Party/town.swf here] too. Compare it to a picture from the Beta Test Party and you will see many differences, including the different color sky, misplacement of objects, and [http://i.imgur.com/AdL2Sn9.png messed up shading] in various places.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 23:42, 18 May 2017 (UTC)

== Rightclick Discoveries ==

http://web.archive.org/web/20060424163240/play.clubpenguin.com/artwork/rooms/plaza13.swf Right click and click forward multiple times.

http://archives.clubpenguinwiki.info/static/images/archives/8/8b/ArtworkRoomsRink20.swf Right click and click forward

http://archives.clubpenguinwiki.info/static/images/archives/a/a0/ArtworkRoomsTown12.swf Right click and click forward

Cool! I forgot to check the frames of that Ice Rink one we got a few months ago, so thanks for pointing that out.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 05:09, 26 May 2017 (UTC)

== Puffle Party 2009 Construction Swfs Needed ==

https://clubpenguinmemories.com/parties/2009-parties/puffle-party-2009/ Apparently the puffle party 2009 had construction swfs as evidenced in this link. St Patrick's Day 2009 had construction swfs as well too https://clubpenguinmemories.com/parties/2009-parties/st-patricks-day-party-2009/

== Another way to get swfs we are looking for ==

We could try looking at the chat logs to see if any swfs we need pop up on there. http://clubpenguin.wikia.com/wiki/Club_Penguin_Wiki:Chat/Logs
Use find function in browser and search swf.

== 1st Anniversary Party ==

It would be nice if ripv0r would be kind enough to give out these swfs to us.

I don't know why he hasn't yet. It's been almost 5 months since he tweeted it. One SWF of the Coffee Shop during the 1st Anniversary Party shouldn't take so long to release.

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 07:19, 2 August 2017 (UTC)

== Where did you find those summer party 2006 swfs? ==

Where did you find those at?

Anonymous source. [[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 06:20, 14 December 2017 (UTC)
Was it a website or from ripv0r? Is there anymore you will upload?

https://www.dropbox.com/sh/n7f0va8q0l18npa/AADRjn2HBuKCWwOQusuk9A2Ja?dl=0 Here is more swfs from twitter that someone posted.

Some of them appear modified, so it might take some time to verify the non-modified ones. The others look like duplicates of things we already have on Archives. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 23:19, 25 December 2017 (UTC)

Could you reveal that anonymous source by any chance? I want to see if there is any other swfs from that source.
Again, they wanted their identity to be anonymous, so revealing them would kind of break the point. There are more however, I just need to set aside time to upload them. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 02:17, 6 January 2018 (UTC)

:If it's a lot of files, you should consider posting a download link to all of them. You wouldn't have to set aside as much time if multiple people were helping you archive them.

:--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 06:27, 7 January 2018 (UTC)

Trust me, if I had the beta test party, it would be up already. Almost all of the room files have already been uploaded, so there'd be little to no point in doing so. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 03:17, 9 January 2018 (UTC)


At this point, I'm almost certain there's no parties left to upload. The remaining files are just the generic rooms with a few versions with pins here and there. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 23:21, 10 January 2018 (UTC)

Well please try to find people that have private club penguin swf collections that have 2005 to 2007 party swfs that we don't have yet.

:Easier said than done. Usually its the donors who contact us. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 05:58, 11 January 2018 (UTC)
Also you need to fix that downtime that happens a lot on here.

:That's not under our control. The CPWN Tech Staff deal with that behind the scenes, sometimes they're not as prompt as we'd like unfortunately. ''<big><font face="trebuchet ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:red">C</span>]][[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue">K</span>]]</font></big>'' 13:11, 11 January 2018 (UTC)

== Club Penguin Room SWF Database ==

I am currently making a club penguin room and event and party swf collection of my own with the swfs on this site. I will give you all credit for it.

== Club Penguin Room SWF Collection Download ==

I uploaded my club penguin room swf collection and I included a credits text file where I gave credit to all of you for the room swfs. https://mega.nz/#!j8JUQDrC!ArEf2GYseR3B-_nsYBy4GHjHR_324iq4SvN1-aqc_8w
Note: That everything in this is stuff that is already on the club penguin archive wiki. I just wanted to have a backup of all room swfs from this wiki so if the wiki goes down for a few days then people will still be able to access the room swfs through this.

A bit redundant when a mirror of Club Penguin Archives already exists (https://archives.cpps.media/) --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 03:45, 19 January 2018 (UTC)

The mirror isn't up to date. There is over 57,612 files on here. And that mirror only says 57,432 files.

== Suggestions on New Users Who Join ==

We should ask them if they have any swfs they want to give to us.
All users are invited to upload any files they have as long as they submit an Uploader application, which is explained on our main page. --[[User:Mario Rk|'''<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">Mario Rk</span>''']] <sup>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(T)</span>]] [[Special:Contributions/Mario Rk|<span class="Xc6" style="color:#FF0000;">(C)</span>]]</sup> 20:52, 27 January 2018 (UTC)

I can't wait to see what our latest uploader has.

You know that you can put a wikicode signature after any message by typing four tildes (<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>), right? ''<big><font face="trebuchet ms">[[User:Cp kid|<span style="color:red">C</span>]][[User talk:Cp kid|<span style="color:blue">K</span>]]</font></big>'' 06:15, 29 January 2018 (UTC)

I will keep it like this -Master Loopy
