==Room Files==
Hi, Matthewvacc.

Welcome to the wiki! I see that you've added links to some SWF files on [http://archives.clubpenguinwiki.info/wiki/Pizza_Parlor_Opening_Party?diff=79003&oldid=65505 this] page. However, the links were removed because the files are not official. They are actually recreations released by a former Rile5 member named Joee as part of his "Joee's Old SWF Remakes" project.

If you would like to add official files to the wiki, you can request for uploader rights [[Club Penguin Archives:Request permissions|here]]. Any help on the archives wiki will be greatly appreciated.

Cheers,

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 04:57, 17 October 2015 (UTC)

No worries. In case you're interested, [http://web.archive.org/web/20150316104205/http://rile5.com/topic/35518-joes-old-swf-remakes-the-pizza-parlour-opening-2006/ here] is a link to the original Rile5 post before the site went down. Other than the Pizza Parlor Opening Party, he also recreated the November 2005 Penguin Style catalog as well as rooms from the following 2006 parties: Underground Opening Party, Summer Party, Western Party, Halloween Party, and Lime Green Party. So if you see any files floating around that are related to these, they are likely to be his recreations.

As for how to tell if a file is a recreation: Most files from 2005-2008 were unfortunately not archived. The first full party to even be archived (as far as room files anyway) was the Fall Fair 2007. So if you find room files from around this era, and they haven't already been archived on the [http://web.archive.org/web/*/play.clubpenguin.com/artwork/rooms/* Internet Archive] or this wiki), there is a good chance that they are some form of custom or recreation. However, if you stumble across something that looks official, you are always welcome to ask about it on the wiki.

Hope this helps,

--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 08:54, 10 November 2015 (UTC)

:Sure, if you'd like to upload the files, I'd be happy to take a look at them.

:--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 04:10, 11 November 2015 (UTC)

::I see that you've already requested uploader rights, so once you are given them, you can upload them via [[Special:Upload]]. The [[Club Penguin Archives:Administrators|admins]] should be checking the wiki regularly and managing the requests page, but seeing as it has been over two weeks since the last user requested uploader rights, and the user still has not been given an answer, you could try leaving a message on one of the admins' talk pages asking them to look at your request.

::--[[User:Kawkeetcp|Kawkeetcp]] ([[User talk:Kawkeetcp|talk]]) 06:54, 12 November 2015 (UTC)

== RE: Request ==

You are now an uploader, enjoy!

[[User:Mario Rk|Mario Rk]] <sup><span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">(</span>[[User talk:Mario Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">T</span>]] <span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">'''<big>·</big>'''</span> [[Special:Contributions/Mario_Rk|<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">C</span>]]<span style="color:; text-shadow:grey 0 4px 4px;">)</span></sup> 23:48, 13 November 2015 (UTC)
